speaking of Canadians with unusual names
we have a special visitor here tonight a
man of many talents all of which he will
showcase when he hosts the ESPY Awards
July 16th on ESPN
please welcome Drake everybody
being chosen to host the ESPYs I hosted
the ESPYs once and look where I am now
standing next to Drake when they
announced that you were hosting the
ESPYs did you get a lot of feedback from
people I did I was really excited not
nearly as excited as Garwin cockhead
yeah well nobody nobody could ever be as
excited you know Garwin for Mac
obviously work him into a song no it was
it was amazing the feedback you know I
mean I think that there's people that
are that are really excited about and
there's people that are skeptical but
I'm excited for you know both groups to
tune in it's interesting when you're in
the public eye you know sometimes it's
hard to figure out what people really
think because a person people are nice
yes because you could punch them in
person but online there's not nice
because you can't and that so anyway
it's difficult to today Drake tried his
hand at a version of live witness news
that we we disguise you we said drag out
on the Hollywood Boulevard to ask
pedestrians what they think about Drake
yeah it's almost like when Tom Sawyer
went to his own funeral that's exactly
and well this is a fake Drake in
Eyewitness News
how do you feel about Drake hosting the
ESPYs last night did he not kill it or
what I think he definitely killed it you
know awesome performance definitely a
great guy how do you feel about rapper
Drake refusing to acknowledge Caucasian
athletes at the ESPYs I think it's
baloney
you know everybody should be treated
equally and hopefully it'll probably
impact his career a little bit too
negative way how do you think Drake did
hosting the ESPYs last night Drake he's
kind of an outstanding guy he says that
he came from the bottom which most
likely he didn't but he's a good guy you
know what was better was it was it the
Taylor Swift impersonation or wasn't
when he cried at the end cuz he was so
happy I think it was when he cried at
the end so everybody's saying that
everybody's saying that and so every
Lupton he's a genuine guy yeah yeah do
you feel any way about Drake crying at
the ESPYs is that like not manly
definitely I'd say he's a chicken head
chicken as are you
Drake fan no today a story came out
where Drake apparently got a little too
tipsy and urinated in a publicly
urinated in a baby gap how do you feel
about that childish childish no pun
intended right
Drake performs as long as my
love me at Malia Obama's birthday party
the viral video comes out she's crying
she's plugging your ears and it makes
you feel what sad very sad how do you
feel about Drake don't like him at all
no
how do you feel about Drake apparently
performing a surprise performance at
Coachella and airing his sex tape on the
screen are you excited to see it no no
no does that sound like a drink thing to
you yeah yeah yeah it's like something I
need were doing I'll do that kind of
thing yeah they all did okay all those
guys how do you think Drake did hosting
the ESPYs last night I don't like Drake
I think he's an actor he's not a real
rapper I agree Roger percent can you
like sort of improv a song right now on
your guitar about Drake like a disco
Drake this song for me that would be
like actually yeah I'll hold this for
you
that's out of here that's number one
well I'm not into Drake so all right I
am Drake you drink yeah yeah it's good
for you Thanks so what I would say to
myself what would you say to yourself
huh what would you say to yourself what
would I say to myself cuz I'm Drake so I
would say what would I say to myself I'm
an idiot I'm an idiot yes I'm an idiot
I'm a total anytime a total idiot to be
standing out here on this street and
this beard in this wig when I know good
and well that I'm Drake and I could be
at home with multiple women bathing in
champagne but instead I'm interviewing
you with ray-bans on oh boy still don't
get it huh what would you say to Drake
your Drake was here right now Drake
would see right now if Jake was here
right now I probably freaked out and
asked them if I could get a picture with
really are you Drake man definitely I
should pay the Drake song right now
let's hear it right up Oh
trophies say you give me a little bit
give me a taste
I want a sample I want a sample platter
okay uh trophies um and milotic us sure
Oh I go just a I go to sleep
with a suitcase
oh my god
yes
that just happened